# hello-world
general hello-world
Hello my name is Jared Dace Sanders and this is my journey to becomming a programmer. I am 31 years old with a Bachelor's of Science Degree in Psychology, with a minor in Economics from Southern Oregon University in Ashland, Oregon. After college I made the poor decision to not use my degree in any meaningful way, and worked at a grocery store as a closing manager for about 3 years. I then got hired by Enterprise Rent-a-Car and stayed there for 5 years. I got burned out on the manager lifestyle and anxiety that comes with it and decided to quit with nothing lined up. One stressful month later, I found an opportunity at Safelite Auto Glass that would enable me to use my problem solving skills. The job is a tough one but it pays relatively well and I have a unique, specialized skillset. Although I love what I do currently, I don't see myself doing auto glass long-term because of the amount of stress the job puts on your body. My hands, wrists, and back have all taken a significant beating since I started with Safelite about a year and a half ago. I am waiting to hit 2 years because then I won't have to pay back the hire-on bonus I recieved. But up until that moment next year around the end of July, I will be trying to teach myself everything I can about programming, coding, and web design. I want to enable myself to make my imagination come true, make a lot of money so I can become financially stable, and provide the best quality of life possible for my family. Ultimately, I want to live the good life interacting with people as a genuine person, and not constantly having an identity crisis because I don't have the room to express myself in the way I want. I have many ideas in mind and I know I can make them come true, I just need to take the time to learn what I need to learn, practice what needs practice, and then execute with creative freedom. I have one child, Madelyn Luella Sanders and she is the joy of my life. 
